TOPIC
===
Maya Messinger (mm479)

I would like to build a site that analyzes reddit post data with word clouds, that analyze what reddit is talking about. If there is a school shooting or death of a celebrity, the word cloud would show the growth of relevant words (location/university, celebrity name) as more posts are made about them. Or over time (aggregated data) you could visualze what things in general reddit talks about (probably programming, dogs, and jokes). I think this would be really cool to see the culture of reddit, see news and events get circulated, see what things have happened in a day (kind of like /r/tldr), and even see what subreddits have been trending. A database (or ideally accessing reddit's db history) will keep track of all the posts made on reddit (time periods will be able to be filtered by hour, day, week, month, year, all time, just like Reddit does) and words will be clickable to link to a list of all posts that have that word in their title. This will allow users to see where data is coming from, and even see what subreddits are involved in the propagation of the data. The site will also be able to filter word clouds by subreddit, to analyze what words are most popular in individual subreddits, which I think is really cool for users to be able to potentially find new subreddits to explore. Or to see the tone of subreddits; as /r/the_donald has gotten a lot of bad publicity, I honestly expect to see a lot of hate words in their word cloud, and a lot of self-centered words ("I", "me"). I hope to also allow filtering by tags.
I would love to enable individualization of the site, "login", by linking the site to reddit's user API and showing, for example, word clouds filtered for just users' subscribed subreddits, or their own most common words from their posts (maybe also comments - scraping pages, sicne I'm not sure how accessible comments are through API). People could analyze their own usage of reddit.

[Reddit's API](https://www.reddit.com/dev/api) will be my primary API resource. It's actually really impressive, my boyfriend used it to make a site that allows you to interactively watch posts being made on reddit and see the sheer volume of reddit. Skimming their documentation, I believe that filtering won't be that hard and most of the work will be in storing data.